---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-08-12T13:15:15.989Z'
dateModified: '2016-08-12T13:15:09.001Z'
title: ''
author: []
via: {}
authors: []
publisher: {}
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-12-b90b181b-2412-4eab-9b14-107bfd017136.md
url: b90b181b-2412-4eab-9b14-107bfd017136/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Thoughts & Notes -27th May 2012-

With much time to spare, I decided that I would just start typing away...

**  
**

On the things of life

On the things that are just in my mind..

**  
**

Sometimes what has to be done...needs to be done. Despite the outcome of having the other person getting angry?

**  
**

I figured that the best would be a balance in everything you do. Nonetheless it should always lean towards grace and mercy...after all I am not perfect to demand all that is due to me.

**  
**

Resentment would only bring nothing else but negativity.

**  
**

How is it possible to know yet feel so low at the same time?

How is it possible to love yet hate at the same time?

How is it possible to see but yet not believe?

**  
**

When you are young, you tend to demand..not knowing about the down times, thinking that you're invincible...never yet been through the tough times

**  
**

As you grow, you tend to lean towards grace & mercy, for you have seen much more life, experience much more...went through the down times...the tough times

**  
**

When things are shaken up, you see the core...you start to realize that what you think was good, wasn't so good after all...

**  
**

It is through the hard times, that we learn, for we see what we couldn't see or was it what we didn't want to see?

**  
**

Everything starts with a dream, a thought and it develops into an idea...but it takes a lot more to see it come to fulfillment...to attain it, is not easy..

**  
**

Just like an athlete, who aims for the Gold in the Olympics...much sacrifice is required, hard work is not even the question, perseverance a must 

****